JoJo's Bizarre Adventure first San de
part o
4 t
4 Oh Koo miasma of
Vanilla Icecream
What
Ne rate Te Teretere Re over
Oh yea Amelie How geared are seen by the other large outside
March 9
Gallatin Jotaros put on the race and squeeze, and it seems to be a color split in front of the coffin Tea
Mountain was different only contact car from me who is saying please do
He's done
I did n't say that but I was saying something
Be good filled by hitting the one fundamental City Baba Pu et al sides say that the floor is safe
I understand, but I'm like a maze inside this hall
I 'm already back
I was exhaustion
Iyan'm the future Nea Pixie goods
Well so crunchy that coffee gum
Follow
I love four games all Shazam
Yes No. No.
This also erotic also
Or soon to you Kana Kaho finished there's something Cheats
Hmm
I'm in the Mohamed reason there is still evidence but by the sector often seems
Wearing volley
Saeko Riko
Not stick well Aa anyway or the other Saddle of ryuka deadly
Ja''s right in the chart, but Hisa seat Mu
Biological detectors rice of things surprising and Shoppe Heather
Korekore I say because it'll Ahha
Covering the microorganisms ranking Doo will have a large became man
It's true my flame
The year No, no it This is the impoliteness has become strapping
Here is 4 young people's young association of Kaiho
It is painted to the value
I am a favorite person
ok good child tax so
Do not listen Ji' care guy this guy is also the name is defeated
Kicking a Nyora-column on over who Yannna' was gear want
An illusion was created by Kenny G, who used to be a saxophone, but it disappeared because it was defeated
Learned from
I 'm going to do some room planning for this house
Makuna remaining water action that Takumi of work roar has become at once narrower for disappeared
a fucking and raw in the atmosphere
Is it a microphone
That 's me with lyrics
I was in the kendo club but I'm already in the day of HAME
Painted with the shadow of a woman, this is good from these
I 'm not cheating on my earphones , I 'm going to talk more about Mohammed
Around that time
Panez bo Dio
The yellow four M we are after was this Keeler
I want this girl 's sleeping style and something
When I know something, I 'm talking about some radar but I know I'm sorry
But now I am dio
Because the fact that I left the Well something human or rather abandoned the treatment of Brand
I want to tell everyone
That's why that's ah ah ah
I dare to say that I had already cut a with Dario
So different font is I want to appeal to that is that the reborn heart love your eyes
And
Meet bar when sleeping
Hey
Who's yours
I am pleased to report that Rothko is pleased
Hmm
eh
Many times that talk the way is
If you wait too long and become so end thought out irrigation
Follow
No, it's such a style that changes depending on when and how I talk
so
Whether Gern Terence has been defeated
It will be done well
There you and say, eh Aga'
Are you also reading? Oh I love reading in this circuit area
When I was attacked by a bug in the book, I was reading a book and fighting games do n't
Introduction of the technique is after reading a book
By the way, Aura is reading Seton's Animal Notes